About the job
Expedia Group brands power global travel for everyone, everywhere. We design cutting-edge tech to make travel smoother and more memorable, and we create groundbreaking solutions for our partners. Our diverse, vibrant, and welcoming community is essential in driving our success.


Why Join Us?



To shape the future of travel, people must come first. Guided by our Values and Leadership Agreements, we foster an open culture where everyone belongs, differences are celebrated and know that when one of us wins, we all win.


We provide a full benefits package, including exciting travel perks, generous time-off, parental leave, a flexible work model (with some pretty cool offices), and career development resources, all to fuel our employees' passion for travel and ensure a rewarding career journey. We’re building a more open world. Join us.


In this role, you will:



Work with product management to understand business problems, identify challenges and machine learning opportunities, and scope solutions. 
Conduct exploratory data analysis, formulate machine learning problems, and build effective models. 
Partner with data and software engineering teams to deliver your solutions into production. 
Develop a deep understanding of our data and ML infrastructure 
Document the technical details of your work 
Present your ideas and results to product management, stakeholders, and leadership teams in a clear and effective manner. 
Collaborate and brainstorm with other team members and across the company 
Stay current with advances in ML and GenAI to drive innovation within the team.


Minimum Qualifications



Master’s degree or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Statistics, Math, Engineering, or a related technical field; or equivalent related professional experience 
You have 2+ years hands on experience with ML in production, building datasets, selecting and engineering features, building and optimizing algorithms 
You have expertise with Python and related machine learning tools, deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch, and SQL-like query languages for data extraction, transformation, and loading 
A strong foundation in Machine Learning fundamentals, statistics, and experimentation.
You have real-world experience working with large data sets in a distributed computing environment such as Spark. 
You have good programming practices, ability to write readable, fast code 
You have intellectual curiosity and desire to learn new things, techniques and technologies


Preferred Qualifications:



Experience with ranking systems and recent Large Language Models (LLMs), including fine-tuning, efficient deployment, and architectures
Comfortable working with ML platforms like DataBricks and Cloud platforms such as AWS, and Docker 
Hands-on experience with workflow orchestration tools (e.g., Airflow, Flyte)


Location expectations



This role is based in London, in alignment with our flexible work model which requires employees to be in-office at least three days a week. Relocation assistance may be considered for qualified candidates.