About the job
Change the way the world travels

Be part of the GetYourGuide journey and connect people with unforgettable travel experiences worldwide. Since 2009, millions of travelers have booked unique activities with us in over 12,000 cities. Our headquarters in Berlin is supported by 16 other local offices across the globe.

Ready to join a diverse community of over 850 fellow explorers dedicated to revolutionizing the travel experience industry? Check out our careers site to learn more.

Team mission

Our mission in the Supply Tech group is to empower our activity providers to deliver unforgettable and seamless experiences to GetYourGuide’s customers at scale. We build AI and ML systems that curate a trusted, high‑quality catalog, elevate content quality with LLMs for generation, structuring, and evaluation, and proactively scout high‑value inventory to grow the marketplace in partnership with tech and business teams.

As a valued member of our inclusive and dynamic team, you will collaborate closely with fellow Data Scientists, MLOps Engineers, and business stakeholders continuously innovating to enhance the quality of our marketplace catalog. Together, we strive to make every travel experience unforgettable.

Your Mission

Develop innovative data products that not only enable suppliers to delight our customers but also drive the success of our company.
Take full ownership of projects, guiding them from the initial business challenge to the deployment of production code. This includes:
Analyzing large datasets to uncover meaningful insights
Building and maintaining robust data pipelines
Establishing rigorous evaluation and monitoring strategies, as well as in-production guardrails. Monitoring and optimizing data products after deployment
Contribute to the development of our machine learning infrastructure and help establish best practices that will shape our future.
Work closely with cross-functional technology and business teams, leveraging your unique perspective to solve complex and exciting problems.
Support the continuous improvement and growth of our team, including participating in recruiting efforts to bring in new talent.
Your Toolkit

Machine Learning. Familiarity with regressors, classifiers, and recommender systems. A solid understanding of ML techniques and their practical applications. Experience deploying ML models in production is a must..
Experience with LLMs and Agentic AI. Familiarity with prompt design, tool use, orchestration (e.g., LangChain), retrieval/RAG, evaluator design, guardrails, and tracing/observability, is a strong plus.
Software Engineering Proficiency in Python. Knowledge of distributed machine learning and computing frameworks (e.g., Spark) is beneficial.
Analytics. Ability to transform data into actionable insights. Experience with hypothesis testing and proficiency in analytics tools (e.g., pandas/polars) and SQL.
Business Acumen. Applied experience in a business environment, demonstrating result-driven work.
Communication. Strong skills in explaining complex concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
An advanced degree in a quantitative field or equivalent practical experience.

What Sets You Apart

Shipped ML/AI products end‑to‑end in impact‑driven, fast‑moving environments with extensive stakeholder alignment.
Experience on the supply (B2B) side of marketplaces, especially in catalog quality management, sales, and pricing.

How We’ll Make Your Career Journey Extraordinary

Annual personal growth budget and mentorship programs for continuous learning and development
Work from anywhere in the world for 40 days per year
Flexible working arrangements to support work-life balance
Opportunities to collaborate and socialize with team members through quarterly team events and yearly company-wide events
Monthly transportation and fitness budget
Discounts for you, your friends, and family on GetYourGuide activities
Language reimbursement program
Health and wellness benefits

And more…

How To Apply

Submit your CV/resume in English using the form below. For tips and insights into our hiring process and culture, check out ‘how we hire’ and ‘life at GetYourGuide’. If you have any further questions, please don’t hesitate to get in touch at jobs@getyourguide.com.

We’re an equal opportunities employer

Our commitment is that every qualified person will be evaluated according to their skills regardless of age, gender identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status, or religion. Please refrain from including your picture and age with your application.