About the job
The Role

As a Senior Data Scientist on the AI Decisioning team in the Communications Tribe, you will be at the heart of optimizing the intelligence that transforms HelloFresh's customer engagement strategy. You will focus on complex feature engineering and optimization, developing the critical data features and applying advanced analytical techniques to maximize the performance of our state of the art AI decisioning platform. Your work provides the rich, predictive data and continuous optimization that allows this automated engine to determine the right message, for the right customer, at the right time, on the right channel. This is a unique opportunity to drive impactful business outcomes through enhanced personalization and predictive analytics , while also exploring how Generative AI can automate and scale content in an iterative process with marketing stakeholders, directly influencing how we engage with millions of customers globally

What You’ll Do

In this role, you will be a key contributor to our decisioning intelligence. You will take ownership of critical analytical initiatives while applying advanced analytics and collaborating across the business to drive impact.

Modeling & Optimization

Lead Predictive Analysis: Lead the development and application of machine learning models to solve complex business problems, from churn prediction to large-scale personalization
Develop & Validate Data Features: Develop, prepare, and validate the critical data features that fuel our models, ensuring they are robust and predictive
Champion Model Performance: Drive improvements in model quality and reliability by implementing best practices in validation, monitoring, and A/B testing

Strategic Collaboration & Impact

Enable Data-Driven Decisions: Partner with Product and Marketing teams, translating complex findings into actionable insights that guide strategy
Act as a Strategic Analytics Partner: Proactively collaborate with stakeholders to frame business problems, translate needs into analytical solutions, and explore the use of Generative AI for content optimization
Guide and Mentor: Contribute to our team's success by mentoring other data scientists, helping to establish analytical best practices, and sharing your perspective to guide our methodologies

What You’ll Bring

We are looking for a candidate who can grow with our team. We value the diverse experiences and paths that lead people to Data Science and encourage you to apply even if you don't meet every single qualification.

Core Skillset

Data Science Background: A strong background in data science or a related quantitative field, with demonstrated success in applying machine learning techniques to solve business problems
Core Tech Stack Experience: You are comfortable working with Python (including libraries like pandas and scikit-learn) and SQL. You have hands-on experience with core machine learning methodologies (e.g., regression, classification) and experimentation (e.g., A/B testing)
A Mindset of Ownership & Initiative: You are proactive and accountable, demonstrating full ownership of your work from ideation to impact. You have a passion for driving measurable outcomes and a knack for identifying and solving potential issues before they become critical

Nice To Haves

Domain & Tool Experience: Previous experience in the MarTech or CRM domains is a plus
Modern Platform Proficiency: Experience with data platforms like Databricks or the PySpark ecosystem, and general familiarity with cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, or Azure)
Generative AI Knowledge: Familiarity with or a strong interest in leveraging Generative AI models (e.g., LLMs) for content automation, including prompt engineering

What We Offer

Elevate your lifestyle! Join one of Europe's fastest-growing tech powerhouses in a dynamic phase of expansion.

Immerse yourself in a diverse global community of 90+ nationalities
Enjoy a competitive compensation package that goes beyond the norm, with perks like a HelloFresh- subsidized Pension Scheme, Berlin relocation support, and a Hybrid working model
Elevate your lifestyle with exclusive discounts on your weekly HelloFresh box and office meals
Invest in your growth with a German language learning budget, and access to the HelloFresh Academy
Plus, we've got your well-being covered with mental health support, transportation perks, and working-parent-friendly benefits. From our 24/7 gym access, wellbeing platforms like Headspace and Spill, to sabbatical leave options, HelloFresh is not just a workplace; it's a lifestyle of perks and possibilities

Are you up for the challenge?

Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.

After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.

We are HelloFresh

At HelloFresh we embrace and welcome diversity and we currently employ over 7,000 individuals globally who contribute to this. We employ individuals based on their ability to perform a job rather than on the basis of their: race, national origin, color, caste, social origin or position, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, political opinion, marital status or any other characteristic. We encourage everyone to apply and will give everyone equal consideration. We are an equal opportunity employer – everyone is welcome at our table.